hey guys welcome back it's great to be
free you haven't heard already my name's
mr. slippers behind me is my lifelong
companion i'm dr. mash snap himself if
you've been wondering we've been for the
last two years long story short
we were in a convention cooking it up so
yeah Easter in place the time off we get
the munchies this is little kid he has
some gummy bears we wanted some I asked
nicely bastard I can't believe it I
thought kids are too had some common
sense of decency massive heat shorty can
I husband Tigers it go yourself you
know he's kind of say that to people
like us dr. mass comes up there drop
kicks a little bastard right in the face
I snatches bag of candy and who would
have thought in that country
drop-kicking children turns out to be a
crime cuz we really know one if who
would have known six months ah well I'm
story short that bastard the flavor
ninja he gets his ass locked up in the
same place because the Emperor soup
didn't have enough solvent it so it
whoops I was waiting and piss isn't it
and you know how enemies collide
misbehavior couple battles here and
there we can additional 18 months no two
years we're finally free I'm looking
back to get at it so today we're going
to make some singapore style rice
noodles so what we got here there's 250
grams of rice vermicelli reconstitute
that bad boy in some hot water or four
to five minutes drain and strain you
need 60 grams a BBQ pork shredded 30
grams of white onion 40 grams of red
bell pepper diced 30 grams of green
onion cut next red style one a maint an
omelet shut that up hundred grams a boy
on Strictly or prawns and then for the
seasoning we got half a teaspoon of
sesame seed oil a teaspoon curry powder
one-and-a-half teaspoons
of soya sauce and half a tablespoon of
some oyster sauce hit your paranoid hot
and add a couple tablespoons of oil man
tossed in all your ingredients
that's some flavorful rate they're
kinda like movies kind of like the
chemicals in the basement I don't know
how you walk around down there without a
gas mask dude sometimes you stop make do
what you got sometimes stir fry those
play nice and fragrant add your rice
noodles sesame seed oil oyster sauce
soy sauce my good old fashioned Kirk eat
cow
oh my that looks delicious certainly a
lot better than the stuff we had in
prison no some people this can get
spices right oh so what you want to do
now is just stir this a well combined
and thoroughly through after it's all
feet of food a nice looking product like
this ooh take it over to your plate well
what better way to celebrate freedom on
a nice bowl a singapore style rice
noodles I've been your host and cook mr.
slippers on the cameras doctor mask give
me a thumbs up if you liked this video
showed us up a comment one of us will
subscribe and we're not stoned or able
to and as always eat good smoke good
thanks for watching out of it